Norway has one of the longest coastlines in the world, stretching over 100,000 km including fjords and islands.
Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world’s countries combined.
Japan has the highest life expectancy in the world, with an average of around 84 years.
Brazil is home to the Amazon Rainforest, which produces about 20% of the world’s oxygen.
Russia is the largest country in the world, covering over 17 million square kilometers.
India is the second-most populous country and is projected to surpass China in population.
Australia has more kangaroos than humans.
Egypt is home to the only remaining Wonder of the Ancient World, the Great Pyramid of Giza.
South Africa has three capital cities: Pretoria, Cape Town, and Bloemfontein.
China has the world’s largest high-speed rail network, covering over 40,000 km.
France is the most visited country in the world, attracting around 90 million tourists annually.
The United States has the world’s largest economy by nominal GDP.
Argentina is home to the widest avenue in the world, Avenida 9 de Julio, which has up to 14 lanes.
Saudi Arabia is the only country without a single natural river.
Germany is the largest economy in Europe.
Italy has more UNESCO World Heritage sites than any other country.
Iceland runs almost entirely on renewable energy, mainly hydro and geothermal.
Mexico is home to the world’s largest pyramid by volume, the Great Pyramid of Cholula.
The Netherlands has more bicycles than people.
Switzerland has remained neutral in wars since 1815.
Thailand is the only Southeast Asian country never to have been colonized by a European power.
The Philippines consists of over 7,600 islands.
Finland has the most saunas per capita, with over 3 million saunas for 5.5 million people.
Spain has the second-highest number of bars per capita in the world.
Turkey is the only country that spans two continents, Europe and Asia.
Pakistan has the world’s largest ambulance network, operated by the Edhi Foundation.
The United Arab Emirates is home to the world’s tallest building, the Burj Khalifa.
Vietnam is the world’s second-largest coffee producer after Brazil.
Colombia is the world’s largest producer of emeralds.
New Zealand was the first country to grant women the right to vote in 1893.